hi what we are looking at is a Marisa
Lacroix PT 7 5 5 8 watch Marisa Lacroix
Lodge it retails online for over two
thousand dollars amazon has it on sale
for $1,700 it's going to be on sale on
eBay shortly this is the unboxing of the
Marisa Lacroix so what we're looking at
here is a standard black box says Marisa
liqui on the front of it for the for
people that don't know Marissa Lacroix
is a ultra high-end watch manufacturer
out of Switzerland and inside this box
it's another box
there's a black looks like a black
wallet says merciful quoi on it
inside is a international warranty card
there are some here are some additional
tags the model number on and inside of
that wallet was tomorrow's classics
warranty and instructions a couple
pamphlets here and a bunch of different
languages Marisa Lacroix they're their
company they are one of the few
manufacturers in Switzerland that design
their watch cases by hand so not this
particular case but actual you know case
itself so what we're looking at here is
really beautiful kind of brown faux type
of wood says Marisa Lacroix on the front
that the bottom here is black kind of
has a nice Sheen to it the bottom of the
case is nice line velvet you could very
easily keep it on a you know your
bedside table and keep your watching
there temporarily know when you're
wearing it this year is a kind of a
silver looks like a stainless steel
strike around it and let's open it up
actually I forgot to say one thing
there's a polishing cloth that comes
with this I forgot to mention that it
says Marissa Lacroix on it so for the
watch enthusiast the high-end collectors
you can always keep her watch clean so
there we go
Marissa Lacroix is one of the
trendsetters of the industry here's the
watch it's got a black leather band like
I said it's never been worn
43 millimeter stainless steel case from
end to end the back of it has sapphire
sapphire crystal got a silver dial tan
wound it's a mechanical movement it's
got a small second hand that rotates
around well it's cool about the leather
strap it's got a folding buckle on it
right here and it's blue it's kind of
some cellophane just to protect it if
you look closely right there says
maurice lacroix on it yeah this company
is a notorious watch making powerhouse
they've been doing this for decades the
rival Rolex and probably other you know
top-end manufacturers out there I would
say that the style of this particular
watch is contemporary you know for the
modern man it's reminiscent of modern
architecture it's very kind of you know
contemporary looking good for casual or
even ingress it's a beautiful watch and
that's for sale on eBay